DOCSP-43525 - Decimal128 (#240)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/upgrade.txt

- TLS 1.0 and 1.1 are no longer supported. You must use TLS 1.2 or higher. To learn
  more about configuring TLS/SSL in the {+driver-short+}, see :ref:`<csharp-tls>`.

> - In previous versions of the driver, if a field had the C# data type ``Decimal128`` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In previous versions of the driver, if a field had a value of {+language+} data type ``Decimal128`` or
```

  ``decimal``, the driver serialized the value as a BSON ``string`` by default. In
  version 3.0, the driver defaults to serializing these values as BSON ``Decimal128``

>   values instead.

Reviewer: S: flip these sentence around eg

> Serializes {+language+} ``Decimal128`` values as BSON ``Decimal128`` values. In prev versions...

>   To serialize a a ``decimal`` or ``Decimal128`` value as a string, 
>   apply the ``[BsonRepresentation(BsonType.String)]`` attribute to the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To serialize a ``decimal`` or ``Decimal128`` value as a string,
  apply the ``[BsonRepresentation(BsonType.String)]`` attribute to the field.
```

>   apply the ``[BsonRepresentation(BsonType.String)]`` attribute to the field.

Reviewer: S: Instead of boradly linking to the serialization guide, consider linking to the bsonrepresentation attribute content

- TLS 1.0 and 1.1 are no longer supported. You must use TLS 1.2 or higher. To learn
  more about configuring TLS/SSL in the {+driver-short+}, see :ref:`<csharp-tls>`.

- By default, the driver serializes ``Decimal128`` and ``decimal`` values as BSON
  ``Decimal128`` values. In previous versions of the driver,
  the driver serialized these values as BSON ``string`` values
  by default.
  To serialize a ``decimal`` or ``Decimal128`` value as a string in v3.0, 

>   apply the ``[BsonRepresentation(BsonType.String)]`` attribute to the field.

Reviewer: S: fix line wrapping
